Updates to Tanzu VS Docs (#2081)
pivotal/docs-tap: vs-extension/troubleshooting.hbs.md

### Cause

> `/dev/null` is used by Unix OSes and will not work for a Windows machine, which uses the `NUL` var.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Tiltfile is configured to direct output to the location used by Unix OSes for discarding output (`/dev/null`) which will not work on a Windows machine. The Windows equivalent is `NUL`.
```

to

```text

> OUTPUT_TO_NULL_COMMAND = os.getenv("OUTPUT_TO_NULL_COMMAND", default=' > NUL ')

Reviewer 2: Nice catch, I think this could explain why Vasanth ran into [this error](https://jira.eng.vmware.com/browse/TANZUSC-2705) when trying to start Live Update: 
```
undefined: OUTPUT_TO_NULL_COMMAND (did you mean OUTPUT_TO_NULL_COMMAND_WINDOWS?)
``` 
Changed version looks good to me!
